disor C well guys I've been watching
quite a bit of this Space Marine versus
H Tyrant matchup in particular I've got
to say I think the Tech Marine is one of
the best against him just having that
extra early game DPS to deal with that H
tant is very handy you get the melter
gun which is feels like cheating against
the Tyrant guard since it's so Good by
default against it super heavy infantry
armor and then it's also good at killing
him in Shield wall and it's pretty cheap
and then you get the plasma gun to
absolutely wreck Warriors after you've
killed the Tyrant
guards but we've not got a Tech Marine
today we've got a Force Commander we'll
see how it does it's a big map here I'm
grateful that Mr Dr chocolates is going
for double Scouts right now think he's
going to need it for the big map but at
the same time he's not fighting the
slightly more meta these days double
homon he is fighting the double turant
which will be good at countering the
scouts so it's all on how these players
use their
assets you want to get the hi tant into
the Tactical Marines initially since he
will soak up all the damage and not
bleed and then the homers can run in and
actually do the damage afterwards you
can block the Force Commander with your
Hi tarant and then you can focus fireing
with the teras but in general the
termers want to be finding themselves
pushing against the scouts this was a
massive Mis micro there from Sparky he
could have got this Force Commander down
to about 40% HP there shooting with his
turant which by the way remember are
faster than the Force Commander ter
against to speed six Force Commander is
speed five so yeah he could have pursued
them
easily he's doing essentially well he's
hyper focusing on the generator Farm
destroy with all of his units but the
really weird thing here spaky is he
didn't even catch his own natural Rec
point he just rushed this thing with all
of his
squads so yeah that's really strange
we've got shotguns coming in early for
Dr chocolates which is pretty bad
actually given he's losing his farm to
invest the power early that's probably
not what you want to do he yeah he's
going to have to invest in the power
here but he is doing that so that's
good you got to do
that or he's never going to get another
unit out and he needs another unit out
he is FC 4 200
forces 4 200 units early
on so we'll get the cap with the FC but
then he's got to retreat L the the homon
jump on him what the hell is he
doing I don't know what on Earth that
was all about what's he looking
at down here I don't know nothing was
even fighting I don't know what the
hell that was from Dr chocolates I don't
know why activated
battlecry there was absolutely no chance
that he was going to get involved there
he needed to just Retreat straight
away these shotgun Scouts are R he
actually went for double shotguns this
is this is not good this is not good now
we've got horag onto the Gen Farm yeah
so these got to rotate back and you've
got to get your gen farm he does
repurchase his Force Commander but I am
Fearless I am Invincible well I suppose
he Sparky doesn't even have his natural
power yet so it's not that
bading support structure he's going to
nod that in front of the turant turant
nowhere near as fast as homant are
bashing so you know what I don't even
dislike this play okay Scouts need to
move way closer one only one of them is
shooting okay two are shooting my bad
okay they're all shooting [__] hell
but they do way less damage at long
range I'm talking like they're doing
like a quarter of the damage that they
could be doing if they were Point
Blank this is really bad they need to
get close and then J
bash so bear that in mind Dr
choc now he's gone for asfer as well so
he's really he just doesn't want to any
tier 1.5 units I mean Sparky not getting
his natural has delayed his tier 1.5
tremendously as well Sparky has actually
got a gen on the contested over here
what the hell they destroyed this thing
and then it just got rebuilt by Sparky
oh my God this is killing me just move
closer with your
Scouts yeah I'm afraid these these games
might be too low level I don't think I
can handle this I cast one of these and
then my appetite to cast games is
diminished for about a month have us
targeted it's a problem the enemy has
300 points remaining it's it's like it's
all it really is quite painful
un to witness it hurts me it hurts my
eyes it hurts my soul it hurts my brain
even hurts my
fingers enemy so
this this was just completely allowed to
happen over here I don't know why why
all of the army of Sparky needs to be on
this side of the map when he's already
built a gen here here and he sees there
tax here you would obviously send harmas
and a warrior at the very least to
guarantee deal with the tax you would
probably send the hive tant as well and
just rely on one hmer and two turers
down this side to easily handle the
scouts turers kill the scouts the FC in
H's
cap but this blobbing
is not very effective chocolates is
afking his tax over there he finally did
capture the natural he's now afking his
Scouts needs to build Jens urgently I
don't know what the hesitation is for
both of these things well this needs to
get noded
ASAP but all of his micro is taken up
moving some Scouts and uh moving attack
to C point just like all the Sparky
micros uh used to I don't know what what
was he moving there nothing else is
happening supp eats the grenade to the
Fist and ter is going to rotate to C the
VP so somehow a big VP lead for Doc
chock I mean okay unnecessary Kraken
rounds Kraken rounds only buff the
damage to heavy infantry you know we've
only been saying it for 10
years it's not a generic damage boost
won't help you versus H you save it for
the
Warriors doesn't even help you against
the commander armor The Hive T can you
believe it now that is a common
misconception but don't see too many
people using against homon but there you
go you seen it today
boys you seen it
today Devastators are out on the field
now for Doc chock pretty good Eco though
for spark he literally can go tier two
real soon he's going to get another
attack as well probably come on homers
Chop Chop there we go two tacks down
that's pretty brutal do Chu is quite
tremendously far behind here location
SEC adding power generator Scouts ready
this is Imperial territory now a task on
finished is a prayer unanswered Zeno
spot it they have a us and we shall
return
it
okay generator
operational Spar is doing this thing
again where he's doing a giant blood
push with his entire Army this is
hilarious he's going to tier two first
he doesn't even have a full
farmen he did have this gen here for
quite some time
though he doesn't need the full Farm I
mean look at his
Eco probably wants another gen now but
he's going to get this as well so grab
this pop another gen down on the natural
if you dock chalk you want to be getting
flamers and sending it to deal with the
gens and then you want to rotate the
devs to defend your gen Farm cuz I mean
look this whole HS here it's very easy
for them to advance on the farm but for
some reason Sparky isn't doing it he's
backing off I don't know
why I really don't know what he's doing
here double termis could run over there
or the melee could run forward and do a
gen Bash
yeah I don't think Scouts are going to
cut it
mate
yeah one of our generators is under
attack okay finally rotates the
Devastators but a little late all the
Mele is already attacking the gens so
that's not
great T gets running in he catches the
termagants why the turant were running
into melee and not the actual melee
squads I don't know
oh
dear there go the Warriors and there go
a bunch of homon models well there you
go that was effective nice capillary
tower on the face wow he's going for ASM
he's still tier one right what the [__]
to
serve hey at least the scouts are nice
and close to do the bashing
here okay the harmers are not finishing
the gens the en why the en has two why
are the hmas not going after the gens
just win this your opponent's stuck in
tier one you just go for um Tyrant
guards and Bas lock
them watching Steelers it really doesn't
matter he's getting unless swarm for
some
reason maybe he doesn't realize he's so
far ahead but when he sees ASM he should
know fortunately spark he forgot about
his hi tant
there he's watching the scouts getting
eaten by hmas watching the FC bullying
the ter
we are suffering heavy
loses I think we've seen battlecry get
used earlier there which is actually a
bad idea against turant because your
specials will simply Miss whereas your
basic hits can't miss so you're actually
reducing your damage against King range
units if you use battlecry plus when the
Warriors attack you when they leap into
combat and do knock back well you can
use battlecry to counter it but he
couldn't there cuz he'd already used it
Dr chocolates has 416 VPS to 148 with
Sparky what the [__] also a hogun squad
died
where they can't die down here there's
no there's no dead homers around
here they're like teras I don't
know whatever
whatever man
whatever I'm over
it now we're going to see terance
die no War gear upgrades for the hi T so
he's not doing a whole lot right now we
have for the emperor but these guys
don't have a yeah and these are melee
synapse boosted hommers I mean this is a
bad fight in general I don't know what
the ASM are really
doing they got rid of the turas and then
they should have just jumped out
I guess this is all a stalling effort
somehow Sparky's economy is absolutely
tumbled
and the Space Marine has got to tier two
I don't know
how Scouts are doing a really good job
actually just cting these [__] but
that little bastard there leaping over
the cover messed it up
from yeah they were buying a lot of time
now there's a razor back coming out and
it' be interesting to see how long that
one lasts with this level of micro
probably not very long at all but
speaking of not very long at all the VPS
are already down to 62 left for Sparky I
guess given that this is a replay that
I'm casting he's going to somehow make
an amazing comeback after killing a
Razorback that's drove into the face of
a hive tant or
something we'll see right now he's
getting Jean Steelers which isn't going
to help him very much against a Razer
back fortunately for him he is a hi
Tyrant so he can pick up the Venom
cannon on the hi Tyrant himself which
will do something the mighty Hammer
shall Thunder upon our
bones brood
Nest claim this in the emperor yeah no
counter to the Razer
back fun Hammer's always a pretty good
choice against the nids when he sees je
Stealers he'll be even happier with that
purchase we do have rippers there's got
to be something here to deal with the
Devastators that's a weird Arc to set up
what the
[__] for the emperor on the battlecry
Force Commander with the Thunder Hammer
is going to be pretty scary but yeah T's
got to get out of there with Gen
Steelers on them Rippers and the hi tant
tie up the Devastators they really did
not need to leave they could have just
gone into the Raz back
there nothing been dealing with the
turers though and they are actually
Focus firing the Force Commander and the
Razer back was left in for ages so the
Rippers have snared it as you can see
it's moving very
slowly hi turn need to
pursue keep
going oh my
God just stopped moving the hi tant even
the the res stopped moving been the
perfect opportunity to kill
it and now he has the bonded
exoskeleton the ASM are not tying him up
in
melee and do chock is trying to repair
through it as he watches down here with
his Scouts getting compromised by genene
Steelers and as suspected the Razer back
instantly goes down in the first
engagement that it encounters one source
of
Av nothing surprising with that one
interestingly he's going to try and
replace it I mean look if
you you have to use the unit to get good
with
it and this isn't a tournament so that's
fine cuz a Razer back is definitely not
counted by this composition whatsoever
in fact it'd be amazing against it but
you know you have to have some level of
Bas line
micro um
but given how the last one performed if
we if this was like a noob tournament I
wouldn't replace the the the Razer back
I would go for maybe a
librarian just bit easier to micro all
you've got to do as a new player with
the librarian is you must save your
quickening to get out and live that's
what you must do that's where I think
people go wrong most of the time they
they waste their quickening using it to
like get into
melee but the guaranteed knock back
Immunity on it it's really really
powerful that is your get out of jail
for free card against a melee special
attack no
Merc and as long as you do that it's
quite hard to lose a
librarian as a noob relative to losing a
res
back but he's gone for stard which
actually is not a terrible idea either
je Steelers are only light infantry so
the sternard Hellfire rounds are
actually really really fearsome against
them he's Kraken to deal with the hive
tant but yeah a lot of melee right now
for Doc chock and it's kind of a known
thing in lowlevel games because of the
lack of micro melee just absolutely
dominates because you just throw melee
at your opponent and they don't have the
micro to split up their
units and things get caught as well and
then they just get w
cuz your opponent can't react quick
enough so I feel like Melee generally
has a big advantage in these lowlevel
games which is why Auto malas and
tyranids often feel really
overpowered to um to fight if you're a
new
player always see new players
complaining about other malas and
tyranids engaged inat it's cuz they
can't deal with the melee funnily enough
they very rarely complain about Orcs And
I guess it's because Orcs are really
squishy at the start of the game so they
can't really get the ball rolling but
this Sparky really needs to stop doing
this if he's points remain I don't know
if he's playing seriously I don't I I
can't tell if this is like if he's
playing seriously I but um yeah chasing
a scout Squad with your entire Army is
not a good idea I think one gene stealer
could have gone that way you want to
keep the two teras around just to
control the FC
and yeah FC rampaging in the back lines
is is
fine but now the Gen Steelers haven't
been dealt with and B cry is of cool
down the hive T running around shooting
with a Venom Cannon you know an AV
weapon it's pretty dumb he should just
go cap he doesn't even have improved
synapse there's really no Advantage
being here you getting basic synapse
anyway from the warrior brood but yeah
this is nice play though get the warrior
brood out of there and just let the
genene steals absolutely tear those ASM
apart with the power melee holy
[__] yeah that was a lot of damage just
melee him with the Gen Stealers you'll
be fine he hasn't got battlecry you'll
flip him
over the hell is he doing
man yeah not to mention the warrior leap
what is he doing just meley it with the
genan Stealers genan sealers have got
more melee skill okay well now he's got
battlecry again the hi tant has just
been jerking around the whole time doing
[__] all just needs to go cap the
VP well doc chocks going tier
three rippers are reinforcing off The
Brood Nest oh that was a that was a bad
Retreat
path [__] hell man
look at that HP go down oh they're going
to get out wow they got out with three
HP what on
Earth how did they
live holy [__] what is he going on
about oh no I can't I can't cast more of
these guys this is this is this is too
much I can't deal with this add UNS have
become available
Commander yeah I've been struggling to
get sloppy Saturday is up
because well firstly I've not had a lot
of time to cast in general and then when
I do find the time to cast generally I
only get one day out of many you know
I've got to have a sufficient level of
sleep which when you're working shifts
is not a guarantee done all your days
off anyway when I get the opportunity to
Do It cast a couple of sloppy Saturday
like these and I just I can't do anymore
can't do it I just get so
bored and the commentary quality just
disappears and the motivation goes out
the
window so I might have to change things
up a
bit I don't know maybe only start
casting like intermediate games or
something but I have these weird periods
where I just get no replay submissions
right now I'm swamped with replays I've
got way too
many wow that was a nice capatch on the
Jean Steelers there with the other B
these might both WIP they've lost their
synapse they should have kept the
Warriors around to keep their HP up o
close not
quite one model left on those bad boys
well it means don't Terminators he could
get a tank but we seen how the Razer
back performed against the uh the hi
tant so yeah we'll see how the Predator
performs it's got a little bit more HP
little bit more
DPS oh [__]
off he goes tier three and he's going to
get the
dreadn
man it's not worth it to go t three just
for an Noble to bomb bardman oh we
didn't even kill both the Gen Stealers
or am I just like losing my mind no
there's there's triple there are Triple
G Stealers on the field right now when
the [__] did that happen
what the hell
dude missed the bioplasma didn't hit the
lead model and therefore prevented the
C I mean this is
insane what the hell
man no
no just get on the VP Bro Look it's
making me yawn it's it's
boring oh God yeah I think I might have
to change it and I I do apologize to
players who you know they w want
feedback and stuff to improve their game
play
butel it's too much it's too much for me
I can't do it I can't do
it you can always join my Discord ask
away in there and send replays in as
well um but not maybe I'll create a
section where people can if they want
volunteer to critique other people's
replays rather than me casting them but
you know obviously people might not want
to do that I'm not going to spend my
time doing
that wait yeah some people have got a
lot more time than I do and maybe that
works out for them the hi tant okay is
biop plasmar in he need to get shooting
the dreadnut though to be honest there's
so many Tyran here right now that
honestly they don't even need to kill
the dreadnut they can just ignore
it oh my God genan sealers are ripping
it to Pieces okay the H is still there
with Venom K but still what's he doing
just keep the Gen Stealers on it man as
long as the warrior brood doesn't get
hit with backlash
fine yep
well that's basically that one
tier three into the dreadnut it's
classic but I mean this is just like a
just a micro problem this game
illustrates how powerful Mass melee can
be when you're in low level and your
opponent doesn't have the micro there
were some definite strategic Mistakes by
doc
chock and
obviously the main thing is he just
needs to improve the micro I mean you
can only get that in it there's only one
way really right and that's play more
games but a Razer back dying in the
first engagement that it encounters one
for source of Av is not good purchasing
shotguns when you've lost your natural v
um Power Point prior to getting tier 1.5
units out not a good idea sternard were
actually a really good choice I like
that but the back line just gets
compromised I don't think anything else
really was that big of a deal other than
the fact that you're just not able to
micro against all this melee and Sparky
made it kind of easy on his end because
well made it easy for his four by
constantly blobbing his entire Army
around the map he could have definitely
won this so much easier and to be down
to 22 VPS is is kind of crazy I feel
like he might have been like playing
with his his food but I don't know
anyway there you go folks that is a
sloppy
Saturdays tell me what you think Down
Below in the comments please I am
signing out peace
[Music]